Remove DuckDB in favor of Apache SedonaDB (fixes #7) (#25)
wherobots/wkls: README.md

`wkls` makes it easy to find global administrative boundaries — from countries to cities — using readable, chainable Python syntax.

> It fetches geometries from a mirror of [Overture Maps Foundation](https://overturemaps.org/) GeoParquet data (version 2025-12.17.0) hosted on HuggingFace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It fetches geometries from [Overture Maps Foundation](https://overturemaps.org/) GeoParquet data (version 2025-12.17.0) hosted on Registry of Open Data on AWS.
```
